[CIAPP] Update Ruby and Javascript instructions to disable autoinstrumentation (#11102)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/javascript.md

```

<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: <code>jest-environment-node</code> and <code>jest-environment-jsdom</code> are installed together with <code>jest</code>, so they do not normally appear in your <code>package.json</code>. If you've extracted any of these libraries in your <code>package.json</code>, make sure the installed version is the same as the one of <code>jest</code>.</div>

Run your tests as you normally do, specifying the environment where test are being run (for example, `local` when running tests on a developer workstation, or `ci` when running them on a CI provider) in the `DD_ENV` environment variable. For example:

```bash
DD_ENV=ci npm test
```

[1]: https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#testenvironment-string
[2]: https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#testrunner-string
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Mocha" %}}

Create a file in your project (for example, `init-tracer.js`) with the following contents:

```javascript
require('dd-trace').init({
  // Only activates test instrumentation on CI
  enabled: process.env.DD_ENV === 'ci',

  // Name of the service or library under test
  service: 'my-ui-app'
})
```

> Add `--require init-tracer` to however you normally run your `mocha` tests, for example in your `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `--require init-tracer` to the run command for your `mocha` tests, for example in your `package.json`:
```

> Add `--require ./init-tracer` to however you normally run your `mocha` tests, for example in your `package.json`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add `--require init-tracer` to however you normally run your `mocha` tests, for example in your `package.json`:
```
I was wrong in the DM. This can be done

```javascript
'scripts': {

>   'test': 'mocha --require ./init-tracer'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  'test': 'mocha --require init-tracer'
```
